The horse girls have moved to the gates.
Today's race is special.
Yes, it is.
There's someone to watch out there.
Yes, Silence Suzuka.
Silence Suzuka is racing again.
It's been a year and a
month since the accident.
Will Silence Suzuka be
able to make a comeback?
Broye
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Do you hear the fanfare as
we race towards the finish?
I want to see that shining future with you
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
If we just start to run, that's
where our story will begin
It's always waiting right in front of us
If you reach out just a little
more, we can seize that glory
Aim for the top, challenge
them all, and it's off to the races
Even the goddess of victory will be dazzled
By your big debut that's just around the bend
So can you hear the fanfare
as we race towards the finish?
I want to see that shining future with you
Let's overtake them all! It's
a track laid out just for you!
Your dreams are at the finish if you believe
Race 11
Welcome Back!
They sure are getting into this.
They've always been serious, unlike you.
Suzuka-senpai has her comeback race.
That's enough staring.
We gotta get going, too.
Right!
1… 2…
They've turned into a great team,
helping each other reach new heights.
Team Spica!
Tazuna-san?
Hayakawa Tazuna
The school is in an uproar!
Broye-san, is it true that you're
going to enter the Japan Cup?
Yes, I will.
Broye's going to enter the Japan Cup.
Looking for a fight?
Special Week's going to be
in the Japan Cup, right?
Yes.
Spe-chan…
You took first in the Prix de
l'Arc de Triomphe, correct?
Why would you take part in the Japan Cup?
I want to show everyone
what it really means to be strong!!
Spe, you won't be able to rest for a while.
Right!
Broye's going to enter the Japan Cup!
She's the one that even
El-senpai couldn't beat, right?
Suzuka-senpai's comeback race is
going to happen the day before, too!
I really want to see that!
But—
She's so wonderful.
Suzuka!
Good morning.
Good morning, Ryan.
Is your leg really doing okay?
Yeah.
Winning Ticket
No fair talking to her first, Ryan!
Are you racing or something?
Nice Nature
I wanted to talk to her together.
You're so silly.
Let's say it all together, then.
One… Two…
We're going to cheer you on!
Thank you.
So this is the Tokyo Racecourse.
They're making the final
preparations for the Japan Cup.
What do you think of the Tokyo Racecourse?
It's a nice track.
Are there any Japanese horse
girls that have caught your eye?
Everyone's quite cute.
So she's come, after all.
Yeah.
Has Broye gone for a run yet?
Not yet.
She's not even close to worried.
She's got a punch to her.
Look at those muscles.
She goes full speed from the start?
What was her time?
I don't believe it.
That's…
She's beaten Rudolf's time.
I can't believe it.
Suzuka has her comeback race soon, too.
When it rains, it pours.
I guess you were worried about her, too.
Suzuka used to be a part of Rigil.
I'm happy that she's able to race again.
It's too early to be happy.
You don't think Suzuka can take first?
I'm not sure.
Her comeback race…
There's a horse girl that's been
doing well lately that'll race, too.
She might be forced to face a cold reality.
Sun Visor
I just like watching them race.
You never lose that confidence
of yours, do you?
No,
I have.
Suzuka, you're not going home?
My race is coming up, so I
thought I'd stay a bit longer.
You sure do work hard.
I don't want to have any regrets.
It's your comeback race, after all.
Why are you laughing?
I didn't expect you to be
worried for me, Air Groove.
I-I'm not worried at all!
Oh, is this the Japanese "tsundere"?
Taiki!
I want to do some bodybuilding, too!
Suzuka, can I join you here?
S-Sure.
You're going to bother Suzuka.
It's okay.
Let's train together.
It's been a while.
I'll train, too, I guess.
Let's go get changed!
Hold on a second!
I can't lose this.
Did you see Broye's press conference?
I did!
I'm going to have to go see the Japan Cup.
Will Special Week win the Japan Cup?
Sun Visor's on fire! Confident for next race
Silence Suzuka recovers, ready for comeback race!
Broye makes a bold announcement!
Broye enters Japan Cup
Suzuka's having her comeback
race right before that, right?
Even El Condor Pasa
couldn't beat Broye, though.
Broye, who won the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe,
will be participating in the Japan Cup.
The Tokyo Racecourse is going
to be on fire this weekend.
Broye's going to win I
thought it would be Special Week,
but… Broye's hot I think Spe-chan
has a chance, after seeing her in Tennoushou
Suzuki SP @akashi0229 18 seconds ago
Not even El Condor Pasa could bear her…
---
yuki @yamada145 23 seconds ago
I get to see Broye in real life!
---
Count Carrot VII @carrot7 30 seconds ago
No one stands a chance against Broye…
Training Regimen
Good pace there.
I'd like to go one more time.
Suzuka-san!
I can have them leave if
they're distracting you.
No, I'm fine.
Spe-chan…
El-chan!
Give me a moment of your time.
Huh?
El-chan.
El-chan, I have to get to practice.
Spe-chan…
Read this.
El Condor Pasa's Winning Techniques
My strategy for beating Broye is in there.
All of this?
Just so you know, I didn't make this for you.
It's the research I did for when
I have a chance to race her again.
But I want you to win.
El-chan…
Thank you.
But I'm fine.
Use this notebook for yourself.
I need to win on my own.
I won't forgive you if you lose.
Right!
Tomorrow's race is coming,
whether you want it to or not.
Right.
Broye is faster than I thought,
and there's someone out there who's
doing well who'll be in Suzuka's race.
I don't think I'll have an easy victory.
Neither do I.
You two have a good look in your eyes.
I know that you've got a stronger fire
in you than others just by looking,
but—
Trainer-san!
What is it, Spe?
I remember what you told us
during the training camp.
I want to see a race where
all of you can participate!
An exciting race like we had today!
Did I say that?
I will never forget that you and my
mom have pinned your dreams on me!
Me, neither.
I hope that being so into
this doesn't end up hurting them.
Hello, Mom.
Tomorrow is Suzuka-san's comeback race.
Sun Visor is also doing great lately…
Did I wake you?
It's okay.
Suzuka-san, do your best out there tomorrow.
Yeah.
Hey, Spe-chan…
Yeah?
I…
I believe I can win.
Yeah! I believe in you, too!
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
There's so many people!
This is the Open Special.
I know tomorrow's the Japan Cup,
but why wouldn't Spe-chan
come to cheer her on?
I'm sure Spe doesn't
consider today the final goal.
What does that mean?
You say some good things
every once in a while.
I wonder if Silence Suzuka can win.
It'll be great if she can
just cross the finish line.
I thought I'd never get
to see her run again.
What are you saying?!
Of course Suzuka-senpai is going to win!
Hey, calm down.
I want her to win, too.
It's been a while since she's raced.
All right, guys!
We're going to send her our good thoughts!
What's with that unscientific stuff?
Win, win, win!
Energy
I'm doing it, too!
Well, I guess all we can do now is pray.
Win, win, win, win!
Energy
Suzuka…
What is it?
I've been lying.
Lying?
If it's just a fracture, it'll heal, right?
Yeah, of course.
I'll be able to run, right?
Yeah, well…
The doctor told me you'd probably
never be able to race again.
But Spe believed in you,
and everyone believed in you.
And today, you're racing again.
That's why I…
Trainer-san…
I'm going to win.
Right.
I'll see you later.
Have fun running, Suzuka.
That's all I want from you today.
Let's run together! — Special
Week See you on the tracks again!
—El Condor Pasa Free food when you
get back! On the trainer. —Gold Ship
It's Silence Suzuka!
Silence Suzuka has entered the track!
That's a loud cheer.
They get to see…
…her run again.
Welcome back!
We were waiting for you!
Win, win, win, win!
Energy
Silence Suzuka-senpai…
It's the Open Special. I can't
have you taking this lightly.
Sun Visor
It's been a year since you last raced.
Do you really think you can win?
I'm going to be the star today.
Sun Visor has made a declaration of war!
You can make all the noise you want.
I'm going to win and take the
position of star horse girl.
Silence Suzuka has entered the gate
to break the quiet that fell
over the track that fateful day.
The main race today has begun!
Silence Suzuka came out of the gates late!
Silence Suzuka came out late!
She's starting from the back of the pack.
Sun Visor is in a good position.
Seems like her time away
has caused her problems.
I'm going to win this race!
Suzuka…
Sun Visor is running well.
She's the second favorite for this race,
but she's got the skills necessary to win.
Of course I do.
Silence Suzuka is having trouble at the rear.
Maybe her accident really did hurt her.
Silence Suzuka isn't gaining at all.
We can do this!
This is a different race than we
normally see from Silence Suzuka.
It'll be difficult to come back
from this far behind.
She can't do it, I guess.
I just hope she finishes in one piece.
Silence Suzuka is still in last place.
She's having trouble running.
I can take this last stretch.
I guess Silence Suzuka couldn't
live up to all those rumors!
She's finally made her move!
That sure was unnerving.
Go, Suzuka!
We can't…
Suzuka-san!
You can run faster, Suzuka!
We can't…
Suzuka!
Everyone here at the track is cheering—
Silence Suzuka has made her way up!
Silence Suzuka has finally awoken!
Silence Suzuka…
…keeps passing one girl after another!
Run, Suzuka!
No way…
She's fast!
I can't believe it!
Silence Suzuka has passed Sun Visor!
Silence Suzuka…
…has left everyone behind,
and is now in first!
I won't let you!
I don't believe it!
She's sped up even more!
Silence Suzuka has a huge lead!
So this is Silence Suzuka.
Wow, she was able to come
back from so far behind!
Suzuka-senpai's so awesome!
Go!
I wanna show Spe this!
We'll have plenty of chances to see this!
Her ability is going to be a threat to Rigil.
Yeah.
I want to run with her again.
She's standing out more than me.
I want to race her!
Silence Suzuka is in first!
Silence Suzuka…
…has crossed the finish line in first place!
Welcome back, Suzuka-san.
I'll do the same tomorrow!
Silence Suzuka has made a miraculous return!
She won with such a huge lead.
She tied the record and won hands down.
She ran great out there,
but I'm moved by her mental strength.
That was a wonderful comeback performance.
Silence Suzuka
Welcome Back!
I'll have to put on an even better
performance tomorrow.
I won't say congratulations.
I'm going to win next time.
Please run with me again someday.
Yes, let's run again.
Hey!
All right, let's celebrate Suzuka's win!
Give me your hands—
Suzuka-senpai, I was moved out there!
Thank you.
You were crying a bit, weren't you?
What are you talking about?!
Our trainer sure was crying.
Our trainer was?
We'll have to tease him a bit.
That was good.
Thanks.
You're not going to join them?
I'll leave the noise-making to them.
What magic did you use?
I didn't do a thing.
But you were so confident
the last time we talked.
You think so?
Huh?
She won by her own strength.
I couldn't do a thing for her.
I didn't think you'd take first.
Trainer-san…
Hmm?
Is it true you were crying?
I-I wasn't crying!
What is it?
I'll be counting on you in the future.
Wait. Are you crying?
N-No, I'm not. Jeez…
This is where it starts.
Huh?
I'm going to make my dream come true.
And…
I'm going to keep running
and keep my promise.
I'm going to keep my promise.
I'm going to become the
best horse girl in Japan.
All the horse girls have entered
their respective gates.
It's finally time for the Japan Cup!
In a dash, in a flash,
just a little more now,
each new race like a dream neverending
Every one of us will blaze a
trail aimed right for the stars
Together we'll run! Let's
go! Our starting gate!
With curiosity in hand, go tug
on tomorrow's tail and say hello
It's right there, so go on and close
the gap now (Right here and now!)
Can't play by the rules they tell
you! Gotta learn it all by experience!
If we just plan to run for the
end, everything will turn out okay!
Can't get me down,
hesitate, or go too slowly!
We know that deep in our hearts is a song
that sings "give it your all"! Make it shine!
In a dash, in a flash, just a
little more now, (Dash! Dash!)
every step like the wind
neverending (Zoom! Zoom!)
A twinkling star that we wear
on our sleeves (But only one!)
Let's let our hearts race
together as one! (Grow up! Shine!)
One more step, one more push,
just a little more now, (Dash! Dash!)
each new race like a dream
neverending (Zoom! Zoom!)
Every one of us will see
our path to the very end!
Let's run now, everyone!
Let's go! Our starting gate!